nothing
lose 3 is one of them
we like to define it as a project
of songs
if we are going to say it in a more sophisticated way
a day oratory of songs because all the time we are developing
songs
so that people listen
then that skips a bit about the styles
by the way it's fine
or we can say radio music is fine
but beyond that
we do not like it will start to return it too much to classify styles that
things because it's the same
It seems to me that people have long since realized that they stamped themselves
of output I think not
the public at a time that knows that that no longer
that if it is no longer used in any way
yes carrier simply group
ansa
nothing we work on this project of songs from
the miners
when
Eliana was the singer's
the video recording
of michou first done in the colon
in 2002 so we started diego simeone very experimental
i
from there we started working and developing here developing
materials i
I had the songs that he composed many years ago and we started
arias is also what electronic fashion and all this
at that moment
then percent
it was the only chance to say good we want to do things
because john is interested in listening then let's assemble a project to do
sound those songs
and so was born
public we did not have anything
we had made a song for a movie that every pc in the movie
and that it was in a disc that the embassy took off Spain as it would be in
December we get the first ep in is an lp without snp
and has eight songs of which five are like
the original versions and three are
remix expressed after versions and variations iun
understand three shipments
and two in study
not good to write av love of pres @ s and month
with him
you can buy in the store that is a store you have the fifty and
in exa pota mine that is the library store Luis Angel Arango and in another
store that is called the house decrees that that to the third with 60
soon but we hope in other places
but the country
and on the internet
there is a huge one and on the website
where you can download the songs for free
and where you can buy the disk
percent sd triple-double a point local sound dotcom
there
that is why people are expected to listen and download for free and
then they buy the record they think is cool
baa
in the near future
nothing to touch
To play a lot we call Karen we beat her that we are as before
a stage of
rehearse composing taken things out
but now he plays
we are very interested in playing here playing in other parts does not look much and
Eat us national tour has impoverished us as touches in other places
in another cities
and the other thing is that we have a party side
what is it like
in the third of three meters of mosco this theme if you are every so often of the
Cover wish in bars in Bogota
the side before complicating three
ace
Saturday
gadea
hello my name is diana did get behind
colon them the champix duty of three
I invite you to stay connected with 10 points